Yes copy and this time
The
Four days
Introduction of what I bought at the center
start
At first it is good from introduction to wood to enter
Four days
Result It was interesting bought with various softening brochure to boss
So mouse
c 7
A guy who has written a bang or something
I got
A little too much interested in directly below the softening in some all four days
I do not see much interest in key man
Yes and
Something was Mashi Kimoi This softening softening in the anti-warlords like a little bit of
And
I thought that there is no a little Hey truly conscience
It is a catalog of the second half of 2013
Yes
It's a video's poly Konko Kuramata culture
This morning
Those who bought at the Well
When
I'm waiting
A bit
I bought a series curt cut off the atmosphere of LEGO
I tried a super surge, but my predictions are a bit of a sum of effects
It is another baseball person, and the baseball person is the meaning I saw at the performance
It is quite enough
And
Has entered
A creature is like a sticky note talkie here
thing
I go I bought
It is statistics to yellow and is this 2013 version
It is fine-
Before
I 'll open a horse like this because I will buy a little
I think I understand
Box of such shape including
I just struggled to make it open
I say I do not know if I should open for a moment
And
It becomes the late 2013 manset of this
6 white white equipment Ya ne
By the way
It 's like a plain set of 8 gods and it seems to be emollient
tan
For 2000 yen or more of overseas purchase over 2000 yen boss
Takuroku I heard 2
If it was a girl, if it was a boy with friends
Also the key
It feels stupid to say
Some of them are just a couple and noy
I but I'm good at feeling like play put something seal in such Kamen
I do not like my anarchy
Something like this feeling of
I think I have written a way of temporary assembly and I know this actually this team
There seems to be two such things behind that
The sea ​​urchin comes
like what
It feels like this
Sticking with such a siro petapeta, it is said to do its own fun
It is a feeling but I do not
I say something that I hate participating teams
I understand something 7 q 3
Oh my second
Assemble or Ryohana of you this guy is one assembled
I can get it right now
Not very strong
It is such a key
The
You have a weapon here
What does it come out well in Toka Omoto Ston or people information
It is the edge of a feeling like chin and what is this
Of what either team
I mean
This person is such a guy
There is something like this here, so it's easy to take it so you can put it on 1
I will
This will come soon
Entered was
It is like this
Door Well I once Papureddo looks like this is
Yes I bought two books
N Day
Hey entered this is the ne star x and
I made it, but just arranged the boxes of the room I bought so far
I wonder
The place to put the second Chochokai is like this
Enter this kind of difficult solution here
I think that I want to set it up and do various things from now on
I 'm going to be pom pom boy with clothes that bought city ​​tax
Tteyuu thing is that this also want to Kato' and you are without When you have finished the review
I'm sorry
Thank you for looking at this
It Oh